README.markdown, before:

# Riff Raff SSH

Reads hosts for the apps you want to track from Riff Raff and writes an SSH
config file for you. Edit config.yml.new then rename it config.yml and you're
good to go.

## config.yml

You need these keys:

* `api_key` - your Riff Raff API key
* `apps` - a list of app names (as defined in
  [Riff Raff hosts](https://dev.riffraff.gudev.gnl/deployinfo/hosts))
  
These are optional:

* `app_name_rewrites` - by default, the name of the app is used as the host
  name in your SSH config - you can supply a map of more concise names here;
* `extra_params` - allows you to define extra parameters to be appended to
  entries by app and stage. An obvious one to supply is User.
  
### Extra Params

Extra params is a list of rules represented as maps with the following keys:

* `apps` - either a list of apps for which this applies or the "*" string,
  meaning apply this rule to all apps;
* `stages` - either a list of stages as defined in Riff Raff (e.g. "PROD") or
  the "*" string, meaning apply this rule for all stages;
* `params` - a map of the SSH config params to include.

Later rules take precedence.

### Example config

See example_config.yml.

## Dependencies

* Python
* yaml module
* requests module

Commit message:

Add documentation about static config.

README.markdown, after:

# Riff Raff SSH

Reads hosts for the apps you want to track from Riff Raff and writes an SSH
config file for you to the console. Edit `config.yml.new` then rename it
`config.yml` and you're good to go.

## config.yml

You need these keys:

* `api_key` - your Riff Raff API key
* `apps` - a list of app names (as defined in
  [Riff Raff hosts](https://dev.riffraff.gudev.gnl/deployinfo/hosts))
  
These are optional:

* `app_name_rewrites` - by default, the name of the app is used as the host
  name in your SSH config - you can supply a map of more concise names here;
* `extra_params` - allows you to define extra parameters to be appended to
  entries by app and stage. An obvious one to supply is User.
  
### Extra Params

Extra params is a list of rules represented as maps with the following keys:

* `apps` - either a list of apps for which this applies or the "*" string,
  meaning apply this rule to all apps;
* `stages` - either a list of stages as defined in Riff Raff (e.g. "PROD") or
  the "*" string, meaning apply this rule for all stages;
* `params` - a map of the SSH config params to include.

Later rules take precedence.

### Example config

See `example_config.yml`.

## Static config

If you have a chunk of SSH config you'd like to include with the generated
config, create a file in the script's directory called `static_config` with
the entries. 

## Dependencies

* Python
* yaml module
* requests module
